When you get 0 views or a few hundred views,
you think the problem is in my short video. But
actually it's not. Because you upload shorts the
wrong way, Youtube doesn't send your shorts to the
shorts feed. So in this video, I will cover some
crucial topic like, right way to upload shorts,
where I will upload shorts- mobile or PC, which
hashtag I will use, should I write description,
should I blank tag section, perfect time
for uploading shorts. So let's start.
You can upload short from YouTube app, Chrome
browser and Yt studio. But when you upload from
Chrome browser in desktop mode, then you can't
choose custom thumbnail and can't add trending
song. So I will not upload from any browser or
from desktop. I will use YouTube mobile app and
Yt studio to upload shorts. What you do here,
you just press the plus button and upload your
shorts. But that's the big mistake you are making.
Please don't do it. Before uploading any shorts,
go to the Play Store and check the YouTube
app and the Yt studio both. If you see any
update available, then you must update it
before uploading, and it's crucial. Check it
every time before uploading your shorts.
Now go to the YouTube app and press plus. And
click on add. Here, select the video that you want
to upload. Now it will process for some time. Then
click on Done. On the right side, you will see a
few options. But right now I will not use it. Now
I am gonna add sound to the shorts. Here, I will
add a viral song, cause YouTube promotes those
shorts that have viral song. Now I will click
on the adjust button. Here, by default, your
audio will be disabled. But you can adjust your
audio as you want. Now click on the right sign.
Now click on the next button. Now, I will add my
custom thumbnail. At the left side top corner,
you can see a pencil button. Click on it.
Have you noticed that most YouTubers use the
most eye-catching moment from their Shorts as the
thumbnail? That’s because an attractive thumbnail
grabs attention and increases clicks.
But what if your video doesn’t
have a standout moment?
No worries — you can still
create a compelling thumbnail. Just add a catchy
image or visual at the end of your Shorts video,
and make it super brief — around 0.3
seconds. When you upload the Short,
simply select that frame as your thumbnail.
It’s a simple trick that can make a big difference
in grabbing viewers' attention!
When it comes to writing titles for
YouTube Shorts, keeping them short
and catchy is key. Here’s a simple
strategy to help boost your click-through rate:
Always begin your title with two strong, relevant
keywords. For example, if your video is about a
new iPhone 16 feature, a great title would be:
IPHONE 16 Hidden Feature.
Why? Because when viewers scroll
through YouTube, they often only notice
the first two words of a Shorts title.
If those words are relevant and eye-catching,
viewers are much more likely to click.
There is a pro tips. Write those
first two keywords in ALL capital
letters to grab attention even faster.
Using an emoji at the end of your title can
help your video stand out visually — just make
sure it's related to your content. For example:
GARDEN HACK That Works.
IPHONE 16 Hidden Feature.
Now, it's time to add a hashtag to
your title. Use only hashtag shorts
in your title. It is recommended for both
longer and shorter shorts. And don't use
any other hashtag. Sometimes, if you use more
hashtags, YouTube detects them as spam.
Now when you finish writing your title, don't
publish it. In visibility option keep it unlisted.
And then click on the upload shorts button.
You might think, “Nobody reads the description of
a Shorts video, so I can just leave
it blank.” But that’s a mistake.
Even if viewers rarely read it,
the YouTube algorithm does — and
a well-written description plays a big
role in SEO (Search Engine Optimization).
You might notice that when you
search for any topic on YouTube,
shorts appear first. Because its SEO is perfect.
And those types of videos get long time views.
When your upload is done then go to yt studio
app. There you will see your unlisted shorts
video first. Click on it. At the top, click on
the pencil button. Click on add description.
Begin your description with a concise sentence
that summarizes the content of your Short. For
example, Unlock the secret feature in iPhone
16 that enhances your user experience.
After that, you have to add 5 to 6 keywords
in your description. Go to Vidiq and search
for your video topic. It will give you
relevant keywords. Another way to find
keywords is to search your video topic
on YouTube. YouTube will show you more
relevant keywords. Just copy them and paste.
And yes, use a comma after every keyword.
After that, use hashtag. Remember to
use only 4 to 5 hashtags. Your first
2 hashtags should be hashtag shorts and
hashtag viralshorts. After that, use 2 or
3 hashtags according to your video topic.
After that at the bottom click on more options.
Click on add tags. As tags play minimal rule for
shorts, so here 2 recommended tags is shorts and
viral shorts. After that you can add few tags
about your video topic. You can also add your
channel niche. And don't forget to add your
channel name in tag section. In Category,
select it according to your video. There is a
option for show how many viewers like on that
video. You know lots of people swap shorts when
they see lower likes. So uncheck the box and it
will hide your like count from viewers.
In shorts remixing option, select allow
video and audio remixing. Because if your
video or voice go viral, it will give you
benefit. Now our final step, go to visibility
and select public and then click on save.
Last question, best time for uploading
shorts. Some studies suggest that uploading
Shorts at unconventional hours,
like 1 AM, can yield higher views,
possibly due to reduced competition and global
audience reach. Friday evening through Sunday
afternoon is usually the sweet spot — people are
more likely to scroll for fun during that time.
If you have any question comment me. By the
way if you get 0 views in shorts then watch
this video, that already helps a lots of
people. Subscribe and like the video.